Creating and executing a HelloWorld workflow.
Use the "New" menu to create a new graph before you begin. This lets you set a name for your new graph. If you skip this step, you will be asked to enter a name later.
A description node is created. Use it to describe your workflow for later reference.
The HelloWorldApp is contained in the Built-In Palette loaded by default underneath the All Nodes Palette. Add it to the workspace by clicking on the "+".
To save the output from the app, a File data component is added from All Nodes.
Add an Input Port to the File node. It should match the type of the output port in the preceding node -- in this case "hello".
Create an edge from the hello output node to the hello input  node by clicking and dragging.
Click "Translation" to change to the translation panel. There are different options for which algorithm to use during the translation step. These different options help to optimise the resulting Physical Graph Template in different ways. For a simple workflow like this one, they will all result in the same graph. Algorithm 1 is chosen.
Accept the default settings and click on "Generate PGT" (PGT stands for Physical Graph Template).
In a new tab, the PGT is displayed. You can click to expand the graph representation.
To execute the graph, an address is entered for the execution engine. At this step, the graph goes from a "template", which is not attached to any compute nodes, to a physical graph with compute nodes attached. This enables the workflow to be executed on the target engine by clicking "Generate & Display Physical Graph".
In a new tab, the physical graph is displayed along with its status.